What have you completed since the last report?
>Spoke with my group about their tasks, and coordination needs. 
>Determined the direction to move forward on our webapp.
>

What do you plan to complete by the next report?
>Complete a final review of our database objects, focused on creating a simple unique-per-object "sort by" value, as well as any other potentially missed content.
>Prepare discussion materials for other groups. It appears they will need to integrate certain things into their UI code. These include:
	-A datastream/inputstream to send us photos as raw bits.
	-A stack to track the last received objects' ids. For example, if the objects were numbered, and there were gaps in the twenty returned objects' ids, the first batch returned might be objects 1-18, 23, and 25. When they click "next," they would store 1 in their stack to represent the start of those objects. If they clicked "next" again, it would store 25 to represent the start of the next group of twenty objects. This way, if they click "back," it can just take the previous thing off the top of the stack and sends us that "bookmark" as the place to start counting twenty objects for them to view.
	-"Save as" javascript functionality on a button, so that the image being saved will be renamed to its originial uploaded name (rather than whatever we store it as). 
>Coordinate a meetup for the weekend.

What is getting in your way?
>Clearly there have been communications breakdowns while I was away. We'll be remedying this with an additional in-person meeting this weekend.
>Web team was making some assumptions that did not come from members of our group. Mobile has been far better at handling coordination with us, but it's clear that there needs to be a better document sent out to their teams regarding what we'll need them to do. We've already communicated what we'll provide (JSON), and the format we intend to provide it in, but that needs a more formal final confirmation with throse groups before we proceed.